now going to show how to re hand a
secure fast panic latch or secure fast
emergency latch the change in of the
mechanism from left to right or right to
left is exactly the same
re handing a secure fast panic latch
from a right-hander unit into a
left-hand unit remove the cap screw
which is supporting the black play take
out the component
remove spring break your plate remove
the last ball top slider and box logic
remove the arm on the one side and
position it in the other side tie the
top slider remove the pin
turn it over position it on the other
side
take your bottom slider drop it in touch
by dre latch bolt take your black blue
piece position spring component open the
two slot position go on the last bolt
playtime secure
you